overwhelmed by Big Daddy weave so we're
gonna go get right into the intro and
this is what it sounds like at the
bottom you're gonna be using
d and at the top it's gonna be F sharp
and a going back and forth
and of course while your to it then F
sharp and in the beginning try to make
the notes as even as possible I think
that's the hardest
and is the same as the first
to the eighth me and then a
chord again so sounds like this all
together
it's a second verse same as the first
begin back to that
a
I repeat it but we're going to make the
chords down we're just going to start
rocking on back and forth
that intro for you auntie
a shar-pei